we started asking a fundamentally
different question what would we do and
love every day even if we were failing
and so that concept of okay I want the
money to come and the money makes it
self-sustaining and that is amazingly
powerful and I want the lifestyle and
that's all incredible but that's not why
I'm doing it and in the moment right now
today I'm actually going to enjoy myself
even when I'm losing because you're
going to win sometimes you're going to
lose sometimes that is the
nature so what is that thing and if
people have that if they're people
focused if they really believe that
they're delivering something to humanity
through their product through their
company then it's like fighting through
the hard times becomes easy because you
believe in what you're doing